📝 Add a GitHub-specific security page (#13526)
python/cpython: .github/SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

> Python team applies security fixes according to the table maintained as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python team applies security fixes according to the table in
```

> a part of [the devguide](

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in [the devguide](
```

https://devguide.python.org/#status-of-python-branches

> ). Please check it out for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
).
```

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> Please check out the guidelines on reporting security issues [on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read the guidelines on reporting security issues [on the
```

official website](
https://www.python.org/news/security/#reporting-security-issues-in-python

> ) for the instructions on how to report a security-related problem to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
) for instructions on how to report a security-related problem to
```

the Python team responsibly.

> To reach the response team, send email to `security at python dot org`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reach the response team, email `security at python dot org`. 
```
